DOCTOR ON THE EDGE
THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION - SOME SCENES WERE GENERATED USING AI
CHILD ACTORS AND ANIMALS WERE FILMED SAFELY
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
I know we're only down one person, but it feels so empty.
I know, right?
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER DO JIUI
Hmm?
Ms. Hari, go to my desk and open the bottom drawer.
Let's meet again before you finish these.
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
Huh?
You're here early.
Ms. Yuk.
Can we talk for a moment?
Mm-hmm.
Is something wrong?
I heard your grandmother chose not to join the trial.
Were you aware of that?
No, that can't be.
Dr. Jiui said her tests went well.
I just got off the phone with the professor.
Apparently, she also filled out an advance directive.
DOCUMENT DECLINING LIFE-SUSTAINING TREATMENT
It seems your grandmother
Has given up on getting treatment.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, my
There sure is a lot.
What are you doing?
Goodness, you scared me.
What are you doing here at this hour?
I asked what you were doing.
What do you mean, what am I doing?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm sorting my clothes.
Are you getting ready to die and leave me behind?
What on earth are you talking about?
I'm saying, why are you sorting them all of a sudden?
- Hey, goodness. -  Why are you sorting things out?
-  Hey, what's gotten into you? - Why are you sorting them?
What are you doing?
I heard you turned down the clinical trials.
You told them you don't want treatment!
Well
Hari, hear me out.
Were you getting ready to die and leave me behind?
- Huh? - Just hear me out, will you?
Let's go to the hospital right now. Let's go and get you treated.
Hari
Go back and tell them you want back in on the trials!
Goodness, Hari. I know my body better than anyone else.
That treatment won't prolong my life, and besides,
I'd be stuck in the hospital, unable to see you--
You're wrong.
You're going to live, no matter what.
I'll do whatever it takes for you to live, so
Go and get treated.
Sure.
If I receive the treatment, it might keep me alive for a few more days.
But I'd be on life support.
That's no way to live.
I'd be hooked up to a machine, unable to die,
Only burdening the living.
That's no way to live.
Goodness, I don't want to live like that.
So this time, I'm going to do what I want.
I'm not going to let you do that.
Are you saying you won't even let me die on my own terms?
Of course not!
Of course not.
You can't just die on your own terms.
You don't get to decide that.
That's the least you could do for me!
Please, Hari
You're all I've got left ever since Mom and Dad left.
If you also pass away, that would make me an orphan.
You can't just die!
Goodness, Hari
Go back right now, get treated, and meet the professor.
You've always let me have my way,
So let me have this too.
Hari
My grandma
Can she get tested again?
I know her situation is pretty grim.
But still, she completed chemo successfully multiple times,
And she's gotten a lot better lately.
Besides
There's no way the world would rob me of my grandma like that, right?
You
Will help me, right?
I will.
Thank you.
INCOMING CALL DR. DODO
Why didn't you answer it?
I don't know
What to say to Dr. Jiui.
Why do you think he did that?
He knew about it, but kept it from me.
Because he's a doctor.
Respecting the patients' wishes and protecting their secrets
That's what a doctor does.
A doctor
Can't you do it for me, not as a doctor
But as my boyfriend?
I'm sorry.
EPISODE 7 WORDS LEFT UNSAID
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
Seriously, why did you return?
I mean, we're all for it since that would lighten our load and all,
But it's a little weird.
Anyone else would have killed for an opportunity to go to the mainland,
But you returned.
The PH doc group chat's going wild right now.
Why's that?
They say we've got an absolute madman.
- Oh - Seriously, though. Why'd you come back?
Well, the thing is
Uh
One second.
PYEONDONG GODDESS
My mom's calling all of a sudden
Did you come back for Ms. Yuk Hari?
It would have been better if you hadn't returned.
She's devastated.
They were the patient's wishes.
Regardless,
I would have chosen otherwise
For the person I care about.
Ms. Yuk, I
Okay, gather around, everyone.
COMPREHENSIVE TELEMEDICINE SURVEY DASHBOARD
What's all this?
Our center's been selected as a telemedicine pilot site
For health care modernization.
What's this about telemedicine all of a sudden?
We don't even have any systems in place yet.
What do they expect us to do?
Do you think this might be payback?
For Dr. Do's insubordination?
He's going to hear you.
Oh, I'm sorry. This is all my fault.
Hey, if anyone's to blame, it's the governor.
You have nothing to apologize for. Don't say that.
So starting today,
We have to survey Pyeondongdo, Madeokdo, Minsado, Jineondo within a week,
So let's all hurry!
Dr. Do, can't you just go back to the mainland?
I'm sorry about that too.
He's sorry about that too.
- I'll let you pick first. - Then I'll go with Pyeondongdo.
Okay.
Dr. Chiyeon, you should also pick Pyeondongdo
What even is all this crap?
And you have one week.
One Seriously?
Hey, Ms. Yuk.
I have nothing to say to you, Dr. Do.
I'm sorry.
The reason I couldn't tell you in advance was--
No need to explain.
I'll never understand your decision.
Just let me go and focus on being a doctor.
I've already let go of you.
Ms. Yuk
Doesn't that mean she's breaking up with him?
Does that mean Ms. Hari wasn't going out with Dr. Hyeon?
She just said they should let go of each other.
So that's why Dr. Do returned to the island.
Then why did she dump him right after he got back?
I know, right?
Goodness, things are moving way too fast.
With all this dating and breaking up on this tiny island,
Things are going to get so awkward.
Oh, my. This is nice.
I see things are really quiet at the center today.
Everyone's out taking surveys today. Please just wait ten minutes.
Mmm. Sure.
And if it gets too hot, press that button.
No, this is perfect.
- My, this feels good. - What?
What is this?
Enjoy. I actually had to fight Deokhwa tooth and nail to snag that.
It was the last one left, so things got really heated.
So you got into a fight to get this for me?
I'll keep a lookout, so hurry up and eat it.
And I think our slippers also look really cute together.
I get that they're young and wild,
But shouldn't they be mindful of the residents?
That's no way to behave on this tiny island!
What do we do?
I think she knows about us.
I'm telling you the truth!
You have no idea.
Dr. Do Jiui and Ms. Yuk Hari broke up at the docks,
And it seemed Dr. Do was the one getting dumped.
Ms. Hari was all like, "I said let go of me!"
- And Dr. Do got down on his knees to - No way.
So that's why Dr. Do came to Pyeondongdo instead of Gyeonggi-do?
But she said they broke up.
Goodness.
Thank you for your hard work today.
You'll have to make your rounds to some of the surrounding islands tomorrow.
Dr. Jiui and Ms. Hari, let's have the two of you--
Did you catch a cold?
Sorry, I swallowed wrong.
I see.
Dr. Jiui and Ms. Hari, let's have the two of you--
If you're not feeling well, why don't you go and rest?
Ms. Hwang, I'll go tomorrow.
You?
Yes, since Ms. Hari worked tirelessly all day today.
-  I'll go with you. -  Sure.
Okay, then.
Goodness, I'm sure everyone's had a rough day today.
Why don't we all have dinner--
Eating all together would only add to the stress, right?
Yes, that's true.
You have a point.
Mmm. Eating together would only tire us out more.
Then let's call it a day and not overdo it.
I'll get going since I have some business to attend to.
I'll also be going.
Sure.
Go ahead and leave, all of you.
Guess I'll be enjoying the delicious dinner all by myself.
It's going to taste so good.
Just these two.
I can't sell those to you today.
Excuse me?
I heard that you helped Mija give up on her treatment. Is that true?
I heard that's why Hari's so mad right now.
How could you get her to sign off on something so terrible?
You're a doctor!
Gosh, if I'm this devastated, I can't imagine how Hari must feel.
Do you have any idea what you've done?
Hari lost her parents when she was eight.
So to her, Mija's her mom and dad combined.
Did you really think she would give up on her grandmother so easily?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Stop saying you're sorry, and please,
Try to talk some sense into Mija just one last time, okay?
Who knows? She might miraculously have a change of heart, no?
Oh, goodness
Ma'am, are you okay?
What?
Oh, my
Dr. Do, what are you
Let me help you with that.
- Oh, be careful. - Right. Let me take that.
- Goodness, thank you. - Take it slow.
- Oh, man - Goodness.
Hari's birthday is coming up in two days,
So I was looking for a plate
For red bean sorghum rice cakes
But I have no strength in my wrists.
Oh, man
It's exhausting, isn't it?
Not at all, ma'am.
I've always made Hari
These rice cakes
On her birthdays.
Oh
Others only make them until their children turn ten,
But I just kept on making them for her,
So they may ward off misfortune and only bring good fortune Hari's way.
She already suffered a great loss
When she lost her parents at the age of eight.
So this was my way of wishing her the best
In the days to come, with no more heartbreak.
But
Hari's heart has been broken again,
All because of me.
Dr. Do Jiui
PH docs leave after a year, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Regardless
Can you stay by Hari's side for just a little while longer?
Once I'm gone, she will be all alone
And now that my time draws near,
I can't help but worry about all sorts of things.
Don't you worry, ma'am.
I'll stay by Ms. Hari's side.
I'll stay by her side even if she tells me to leave.
Thank you.
Why aren't you
Letting her have her way this time?
It's because I'm so scared.
People all say that I took Hari in and raised her,
But the truth is that Hari was all that kept me going.
I spent my whole life depending on Hari like that,
So I don't want to be a burden on her until the very end.
I'm going to live out the rest of my days
As Hari's grandmother,
Not as a sickly patient.
That's how I'm going to live before I die,
No matter what.
My, you sure have rolled up some pretty looking rice cakes.
Looks like my Hari
Will have some pretty-looking rice cakes next year as well.
Holy crap! That's hot.
PYEONDONGDO FISHERIES COOPERATIVE
LUCKY SUPERMARKET
You didn't have to walk me home.
It's a tiny neighborhood, after all.
If I don't get to,
When would we go on a date in this tiny neighborhood?
You should go now.
Oh
Wait here for a bit. I'll go get you an umbrella.
This is all I have.
Do you still want to use it? If you don't, you could catch a cold.
Oh, no.
You're all wet.
In that case,
Shall I dry my clothes for a bit before I go?
Hmm?
I'd catch a cold if I got soaked in the rain, like you said.
Can't have our doctor catching a cold.
Wait!
Why did you come out already? I told you to wait 15 minutes.
Why should I hide?
- It's not like we did anything wrong. - But still, if people see us
They'd say we look good together.
They'd say, "Oh, to be young again."
I don't do secret relationships like I have something to hide.
I hope they all find out. We'll have everyone's blessings.
Hmm.
Where are you going?
It's raining. Stay next to me.
Not too close. Pretend we ran into each other.
But there's only one umbrella.
Come on.
Let's just go quietly.
-  Nope. I don't want to be quiet. -  Come on!
Dure Village, four. Cheolseong Village, six.
Gangjin Village, 12.
Damn it, there's no end to this.
I'm sorry. All because of me.
I told you there's no need to apologize.
Besides, some good has come of this.
Sure, it may be a little taxing on us,
But this gave us a chance to take a closer look at the residents.
- Yes. - Right.
Goodness.
You've reached the Public Health Center.
Yes.
I understand.
The patient fell off a fishing boat.
- It's an emergency. - Oh, no!
- Fishing boat. - A fishing boat?
Yes, I'm calling from Pyeondongdo!
We need a medical chopper!
We also need some units of blood!
Yes!
Wake up, you bastard!
Suncheol, wake up!
- Please! - Wake up!
- Let us through! - Please!
We're doctors. Let me take a look at him.
When did you start administering CPR?
I don't know.
I think it's been about an hour.
Patient shows no signs of life.
What do you mean, "no signs of life"?
His body's still warm!
- You're a doctor! -  Suncheol!
- Hurry up and help him! -  Wake up, you bastard!
Suncheol, I said wake up, you bastard!
Please do something.
Please save him. I'm begging you!
You need to contact his next of kin.
The police will be here soon. They'll need someone to identify him.
Dr. Do, I'll call off the chopper since he's already dead.
No!
- No, Suncheol! -  No!
Let's go.
It looks like there's nothing more we can do.
Right. You guys should get going.
We'll stay until the police arrive.
Ms. Yuk.
Please set up a privacy screen.
What are they doing right now?
Didn't he already pass away?
He got caught in the propeller, so I'm sure his body's a mangled mess.
Oh, dear. It's horrifying just hearing about it.
Goodness, his family will be devastated when they get a look at him.
- Dr. Do must be stitching him up -  Oh, my.
To soften the blow when the family gets a look at him.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my.
Thank you for your hard work, everyone.
We should call it a day.
We're all going to want to wash up and stuff.
Good work, everyone.
Yes, good work.
Are you okay?
Ms. Yuk, why don't you get changed?
I'll drive you home.
Thank you.
I'll see you later.
Do you want me to bring you some medicine?
I'll get better once I get some rest.
See you later.
Dr. Do.
Yes?
Are you all right?
Oh
No.
The first patient I ever pronounced dead
Was a five-year-old child.
I had to pronounce the child dead
But then I saw
A "well done" stamp on the back of their hand.
Looking at that stamp mark that hadn't washed off yet
I couldn't help but wonder what right I had to pronounce them dead.
I don't think I'll ever get used to it until the day I die.
Pronouncing a person's death.
Hari.
Hari. Hari.
- Oh, no. What's wrong? - Grandma
Yes, I'm here. You have a raging fever.
Goodness me, what do I do?
Just you wait, okay?
I'll give the doctor a call.
Grandma
Say you're not going to die.
Say you're going to get treatment, okay?
Oh, my baby
Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby.
- Say you're not going to die. - My poor baby.
Say you're not going to die.
You've reached the Public Health Center.
Coming.
Is Ms. Hari okay?
You can leave now.
I'll leave once your fever goes down.
Please just leave.
Go.
You're a doctor who even sutures up the wounds
Of a patient who's already passed away
To soften the blow for the surviving family.
So why won't you tend to my heart?
- Ms. Yuk. - You said you cared about me
Then why won't you care about my pain, knowing I'll be alone when she's gone?
I'm saying this
Because I don't think I can bear to lose her like this.
Please convince her to change her mind.
Please tell my grandma
That she can still live, okay?
Tell my grandma that she can still live.
Dr. Do, please save my grandma.
I like you so much, Dr. Do
But I hate you so much.
Is Ms. Yuk okay?
Yes. Her fever's gone down a lot.
She must have overdone it in the rain.
That's a relief.
But
Why did you tell me to go?
I know you care about Ms. Hari.
It felt like she needed you today.
- I'm off to work. - How are you feeling?
Hurry up and sit down. Let's eat.
Get over here and take a seat.
They say you'll be hungry all year round if you skip your birthday meal, okay?
Come on.
That's it. Good girl.
Good.
Hurry up and dig in.
I don't know if I seasoned everything well.
Hurry up and eat, okay?
That's it.
How do you like it?
GEUMSEONG PHOTO STUDIO MS. OH MIJA
The red bean sorghum rice cakes.
You should try
Oh, uh
Oh, no, Hari.
Oh, goodness.
Hari.
I only took it since I was on the mainland.
Since I didn't have any proper photos.
Grandma, you really
I just wanted a portrait. Give it to me.
Just give it to me.
Oh, no!
Oh, no.
Hari, are you okay?
Are you okay?
Hari Hari
Hey, Hari.
Goodness, Hari.
- Hari -  Hey, Hari.
Hari
What happened? Huh?
Mija, did you really have to do this?
She's crying. Your baby.
Jinbae.
I'm scared too.
Of course I don't want to leave her behind all alone.
But I know.
I know what's coming.
So
Can't you, of all people, side with me on this one?
I felt really lonely taking that photo.
So I need you on my side.
I'm so
I'm so scared and lonely, Jinbae.
You've reached the Public Health Center.
Okay. Yes. Yes, yes, yes.
I'll let them know. Okay. Okay.
Dr. Do Jiui and Ms. Yuk Hari,
Looks like you're going to have to visit this patient.
It's the cancer survivor who was treated for diabetes.
Mr. Kim Jeongbae's asking for you.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Let's go inside.
I'm sorry, but I'm still having a hard time getting around.
Still, I'm grateful to have gotten away with this.
Had it not been for you two,
I would have lost my leg.
COMPREHENSIVE TELEMEDICINE PATIENT SURVEY
Your limited mobility has been verified,
So you can get phone consultations and prescriptions going forward.
Thank you.
But
I actually didn't call you here to help me with that.
The truth is
I asked you to come over because I wanted to give you this.
My daughter said this lotion is all the rage among young people right now.
After my surgery, my daughter stayed by my side for several days.
It was the first time since she was eight.
I got to talk to her for a long time.
I was so happy.
I got to tell her my side of the story for the first time.
Thank you.
I owe it all to you two.
Please don't mention it, sir.
About Mr. Kim Jeongbae
It was good to see that he's doing well.
I'll be going now.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you
About your grandmother's decision.
But I couldn't intervene.
I was sure she had thought it over much more than I ever could.
Ms. Yuk.
She wanted to live by your side more than anything else.
That's why she turned down the clinical trials.
She wanted to spend the rest of her time
By your side as your grandmother.
That's why she made that decision.
Your grandmother is more scared and in more pain than anyone right now.
So even if it scares you, you have to hear her out.
Just like you lent Mr. Kim Jeongbae an ear.
You have to give your grandmother a chance
To tell the person she loves most that she is afraid.
You have to be there by her side.
That's the only way you can change her mind
And also understand her.
Your grandmother is more scared and in more pain than anyone right now.
So even if it scares you, you have to hear her out.
You have to give your grandmother a chance
To tell the person she loves most that she is afraid.
At the end of October, when the sea is most bountiful,
A day on the island begins
With the diligent village elders preparing to head out to fish.
Good morning.
We've got calm winds today.
Thankfully, it seems the weather is nice.
Grandma, are you sleeping?
Today, the island villagers
Grandma.
Oh, my.
Grandma, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I said I wasn't going to hear you out.
But I only said that because I was scared.
Because you kept preparing for your final moments,
Even though I wasn't ready to let you go yet.
But you were scared too, weren't you?
And you couldn't even tell me about it.
How scared you must've been, all alone.
But I'll hear you out now.
Let me be scared with you, okay?
Grandma, are you asleep?
Grandma.
Grandma, are you crying? Hmm?
Grandma! Grandma, open your eyes.
Grandma! No.
You can't die! Grandma! Grandma!
Grandma! Wake up!
Grandma! Oh, no!
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER CLOSED
Grandma, please
Ms. Yuk, let me take a look at her.
Save her.
Please save my grandma. Please help.
Please help save my grandma.
Help her.
No
Ms. Oh Mija
Has passed away
At 19:34.
No. No. No.
No!
No
You never told me what you wanted to say!
No, Grandma! Grandma!
I didn't get to hear what you had to say.
Grandma, you have to tell me.
Wake up, Grandma! Grandma!
No! No!
- Wake up! - Ms. Yuk.
Let go of me!
Grandma. Grandma.
I'm sorry, Grandma. I'm sorry.
Wake up.
I didn't get to hear what you had to say.
I didn't get to hear
Grandma, I'm sorry. Wake up!
Grandma!
Grandma.
Grandma
YOU'RE A DOCTOR WHO EVEN SUTURES UP THE WOUNDS
OF A PATIENT WHO'S ALREADY PASSED AWAY
SO,
WHY WON'T YOU TEND TO MY HEART?
THIS WAS HARI AND CHIYEON'S FIRST SHOOT
LOVE IS A RIDE WITH NO BRAKES
WHERE THE PASSION IS HIGHEST, THE DIRECTOR IS ALWAYS THERE
DOCTOR ON THE EDGE
Are you going to stop hanging out with that doctor?
Please just pretend you don't see me.
If he likes her so much, why did he do that?
You should be sticking to her if you like her.
That's what it means to like someone!
I can't help it, even if it makes you hate me.
One of the villagers has gone missing.
Stay out of this. I said, stay out of it!
What's the matter with you?
Wouldn't anyone agree that I'm the better option?
Translated by Yoon Hyuk Park